Empress, your injury is not healed yet
Don't get out of bed
Why did Empress Fu come here alone today?
The emperor has some dragon body discomfort
I had to have an old slave come to greet the empress
Dragon body discomfort
It was the emperor who caught the cold
He's bedridden now.
What!
How could the emperor be sturdy and catch the cold?
No, I have to go check it out
Ah hey
Empress hahaha
Empress, your injury is not healed yet. Walk slowly.
Eunuch Fu has only been a few days
I have never seen why the emperor is so seriously ill
The old slave doesn't know either.
It was fine yesterday
Woke up sick this morning
The imperial doctor has seen it
Sick
Just take your medicine regularly according to this prescription
Thank you father-in-law
I'll take care of the emperor
Then there's the old lady